Bendigo Update-20260123_110056-Meeting Recording
January 23, 2026, 12:00AM
1h 5m 32s
 Matt Griffin started transcription
    0:43 Hello.
 Matt Griffin   0:45 Hey, how's it going?
 Rebecca Grant   0:47 Good. It's still on my speaker. Did Stace go to the tennis?
 Matt Griffin   0:56 Yeah, she's gone to the tennis. Um. With the with the boys and a brother and the cousins.
 Rebecca Grant   1:05 Yeah, that's big. Busy. Such a busy.
 Matt Griffin   1:07 Yeah, and the neighbors as well. And there was like, oh.
 Rebecca Grant   1:09 Oh, really? God.
 Matt Griffin   1:15 So the well, two parents and two uh girls went with from one neighbors and then the three boys went with with Stace and our three boys and then Stace's brother and two of his girls went and they all caught the training.
 Rebecca Grant   1:23 Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God, I hope I didn't lose someone.
 Matt Griffin   1:36 But.
 Rebecca Grant   1:40 Hi, Adam. Happy New Year. It's gone quickly. How is it the 23rd of Jan?
 Matt Griffin   1:41 And.
 Adam Riley   1:42 Happy New Year. How are you?
 Matt Griffin   1:47 No, it's only February.
 Adam Riley   1:48 Dots.
 Rebecca Grant   1:48 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:49 That's ********. I know it's scary, isn't it?
 Rebecca Grant   1:53 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:54 It's scary, scary. You um, was it a success back? How'd you go?
 Rebecca Grant   2:00 Uh, what?
 Adam Riley   2:02 The break.
 Rebecca Grant   2:03 Oh, um, yeah, it's been good. It's been good. We've done a lot, actually. We went to the Gold Coast, which, um, I'm actually not a fan of the Gold Coast, but um, it's very good with kids. But there's a lot to do. Um, yeah, it was so much. And you know, just with two boys, like they did the Aqua park, they did all the theme parks, go-karting non-stop. So it was good. And the weather was good. We went that week that it was really hot here.
 Adam Riley   2:19 Hmm. Nice.
 Matt Griffin   2:33 All right.
 Adam Riley   2:34 Yeah, nice one. Excellent.
 Rebecca Grant   2:36 What about? What about you?
 Adam Riley   2:39 Um, yeah, it was good. We got Christmas out of the way, travelling between families and, you know, all the stuff that goes along with families. Um.
 Rebecca Grant   2:43 Yes. I feel like that's what everyone feels about Christmas. Like you get it out of the way.
 Adam Riley   2:50 Uh. I yeah, I think, I think at this age in life it feels like that because, you know, you've got kids that are at whatever age and you've got to deal with your parents' traits and stuff and do the logistics and do the food and whatever. Get out of the way.
 Rebecca Grant   2:56 Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   3:10 So yeah, now we got that out of the way. We spent some time down at Saint Leonard's just down the Bay. So that was nice. And then, um, I had quite a lot going on in our civil business. So I had to come back a bit early and get some things lined up and.
 Rebecca Grant   3:15 Oh, nice. Uh, yeah.
 Adam Riley   3:27 Then Jazzy and I decided to drag the kids up to Bright, so didn't tell Matt that we were going up there and just randomly kept bumping into him in eateries and around the place. So that was a bit of fun.
 Rebecca Grant   3:30 Oh, cool. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   3:34 S.
 Rebecca Grant   3:37 Oh, really? You didn't tell him? Yeah. Yeah. OK, Yeah.
 Adam Riley   3:39 No, no, no. We, well, we didn't know we're going. It was literally booked it and left the next day. So, um, yeah, but then my oldest boy, Rome, he, uh, he got crooked the first night we're up there. So he was laid out for a a couple of days.
 Rebecca Grant   3:52 No.
 Adam Riley   3:55 So yeah, we extended our stay and did about 6 days up there. He's a celiac back and he thinks he's a part-time celiac and we know there's no such bloody thing, so.
 Rebecca Grant   3:59 What did he have? Uh. I don't know if we talked about this, but my brothers, when I Hayden's son, his 11 year old's just been diagnosed with celiac and it's like, it's very bad, but they got all the test results. It's like very serious. But everyone, like my mum included, just keeps giving him like treats.
 Adam Riley   4:13 Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   4:22 And I'm like, at Christmas time, he was the same. He was sick as a dog. And um, my mum was like, oh, but he loves my caramel slice. And you know, and I'm like, Mum, you can't keep feeding him this stuff. Like you're hurting him.
 Matt Griffin   4:25 Good.
 Adam Riley   4:27 Yeah. Yeah. You're killing him. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. It's hopeless. And once, once you get a load up of that in your system, this is what happens with Rome. He gets really dark rings under his eyes. He's very lethargic. He gets headaches, and he just looks as crook as a dog. Um.
 Rebecca Grant   4:37 No one gets it like it's, yeah. Takes a long time to get rid of. Hmm. Yeah, that's like, really.
 Adam Riley   4:55 So that kicked a bit shocking.
 Rebecca Grant   4:57 Yeah, it's really sad. It's like that.
 Adam Riley   5:00 Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think he's learned his lesson this time. He's pretty much a straight carnivore now, so.
 Rebecca Grant   5:07 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   5:08 That's all good. But um, no, we're back back into it. And Matt's been having plenty of conversations with his A I friends and driving out some pretty cool stuff, I reckon.
 Rebecca Grant   5:10 And. Yeah. Yeah, I liked your text message the other day. Matt explained what it was. I'm like, this is straight from AOA.
 Matt Griffin   5:28 Yeah, it's all that's, uh, yeah, well, just just so just so you know, we're recording this so I can plug it into the AI later and get the updates. Well, I'll get the notes. I'll put update the, uh, update the website or whatever we're gonna call it.
 Adam Riley   5:34 So. Mm.
 Rebecca Grant   5:40 Oh, get the notes. Well, you probably know how this works, but I don't. But you can send AI to meetings for you now. Have you heard this? Like people S they're like, oh, I'm sending my AI assistant to a meeting instead of going themselves. And then the AI assistant like listens, takes the notes and then reports back.
 Matt Griffin   6:03 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Adam Riley   6:04 Yep. Yeah, mine. Mine accidentally did that and I cancelled the subscription.
 Rebecca Grant   6:11 Oh, really?
 Adam Riley   6:12 Yeah, well, it depends. It depends on if you've got an AI agent or if you've just got um. Otter was the one that I was using just to record and all that sort of stuff. But yeah, if you give it access to your calendar, it'll just randomly, yeah, it just randomly turns up.
 Rebecca Grant   6:20 Uh, yeah, yeah. It goes to me.
 Matt Griffin   6:25 Just going ahead.
 Rebecca Grant   6:29 D.
 Matt Griffin   6:31 Well.
 Adam Riley   6:32 So it is pretty cool.
 Rebecca Grant   6:34 yeah
 Adam Riley   6:35 But uh, what are your thoughts on this one, Beck? I mean, we we had had that conversation and we were leaning towards, you know, give them three options and make it very analog and very simple. Um, I don't know. I think this stuff is coming together really.
 Matt Griffin   6:36 Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   6:36 Yeah, so. Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   6:50 Good.
 Rebecca Grant   6:51 It looks good. Um, this is a cool AI1 too that you've done there, Matt. Yeah, it looks good. You're right. It is very simple, very straightforward. Um, how is it being presented? Will someone? Is someone talking to it?
 Matt Griffin   7:04 Yeah. So W well, I guess there's kind of, we don't know yet. Um.
 Rebecca Grant   7:11 Yeah, OK.
 Matt Griffin   7:13 But it'll likely be Adam and May presenting to the Audit and Risk Committee, but we'll probably have to send it out beforehand.
 Rebecca Grant   7:24 OK, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   7:25 And I don't know if you saw Andrew's e-mail. Um, yeah. So there's like, we've kind of, I've, I've pulled this together to basically send back to Brian, um, and get his thoughts on it. But like, I fully agree with what Andrew said is like, we're gonna have people.
 Rebecca Grant   7:27 Yeah, I did. Yeah. Mm-hmm.
 Matt Griffin   7:45 In here that I've got, I don't know. So we kind of have to put a front end on there, which is like more more of this sort of stuff. Um.
 Rebecca Grant   7:45 Don't know it. Yeah, just one page even.
 Matt Griffin   7:57 It's just the one page, you know, why we're doing the projects, whatever. So that that'll probably be like, you know, project background or project whatever and then.
 Rebecca Grant   8:00 Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   8:08 Um. And then, yeah, basically we've got to get and then solving the problem. Yeah. So, um, that's not hard to do. I can. I'll do that today. Put put that on. But um.
 Rebecca Grant   8:11 And then sewing the bow. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   8:22 Yeah, I guess.
 Rebecca Grant   8:22 Yeah. Yeah, I recommend sending it out before as well. I think if if you put that like I was thinking as well, it does need the context around it, but I wasn't sure if you would be at the meeting explaining like talking through it and then kind of giving them this to sort of think through.
 Matt Griffin   8:27 Yeah, I guess.
 Rebecca Grant   8:42 Um, but if you're gonna send it out prior, yeah, you probably do just need one page, like about, you know, about the project. But just one. Yeah, one snapshot.
 Matt Griffin   8:51 One part, Yeah. So, um.
 Rebecca Grant   8:53 And so only problem, councillors.
 Adam Riley   8:55 That depends if it goes out prior, so I'll just dump what's in my head. My understanding is we'll we'll be meeting with Brian, Sam and Ryan from the City of Greater Bendigo on the 6th of February.
 Rebecca Grant   8:59 Yeah. Hmm.
 Adam Riley   9:10 We'll get an opportunity to go over this with them and you know, a bit of a test audience soundboard and see if this speaks to the metrics or the questions, the concerns that the Audit and Risk committee may have.
 Rebecca Grant   9:13 Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   9:25 And totally, but it will be like a I am picturing it as a stand up presentation. You know this is on a screen we can toggle between the pages and we're basically just talking to it. We can then share this with them and they can put in whatever scenario they think that they.
 Rebecca Grant   9:33 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   9:45 Might not want to say in the meeting, you know, like no grant funding and smaller volumes or whatever. Um. But given that there's two councillors or the mayor +2 councillors, the mayor's not aware of the project.
 Rebecca Grant   9:48 Yeah. Mhm. Mm.
 Adam Riley   10:16 But it's a fresh start and that's probably that's the way we're viewing it. So we do need to front load the councillors with all of the benefits about this incredible project and then and then deliver this.
 Rebecca Grant   10:16 And. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you need to sell the project 1st and then solve the problem.
 Adam Riley   10:33 Hmm.
 Matt Griffin   10:33 Yes, yes. Yeah, well, it's it's it's a bit of a cause. The other thing is we'll have another meeting which is for the councillors, like the broader councillors. So this is the audit and risk committee, which may, uh, it depends on the sequencing, but it'll either.
 Rebecca Grant   10:37 I didn't. Hmm. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   10:53 B we go to the audit and risk committee first or or we go to the councillors first saying that it will go to the audit and risk committee later and so we don't know, but I I I guess.
 Rebecca Grant   10:56 Yeah. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   11:09 Like for the audit and risk committee, it's like a a brief one pager about like the high level project and the benefits first. Then we get into the the risk stuff, which is what they're they're for.
 Rebecca Grant   11:23 Hmm.
 Matt Griffin   11:24 Um. And then? Yeah, I guess what we've we've got an action from our last meeting with Brian to to send some information back. So what I was thinking is that we would kind of get this 80 to 90% done and then send it across to him and Sam and Ryan and then they can look at it and then we can get.
 Rebecca Grant   11:29 E.
 Matt Griffin   11:47 Of feedback as to whether or not that that's what they want or if what are you know what are they actually after because that they've they've gone you know in Brian's mind he's like I'll just give us a table of two scenarios the worst case and the best case. But the problem is with that is if we give them the worst case and the best case without.
 Rebecca Grant   11:52 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   12:07 But. Any other information, they'll just make up the story themselves. So we have to kind of give them the story as well, otherwise they just extrapolate.
 Rebecca Grant   12:23 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   12:26 And so the other thing is, I mean that that was a positive meeting back that we had with Brian and his team and they were mucking around with the sequencing as far as in the perfect world.
 Rebecca Grant   12:33 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   12:41 We would go to the audit and risk committee and then we would present to the councillors because the councillors put a lot of weighting in the fact that it's gone through audit and risk already, so that they like the idea that the heavy lifting might have been done.
 Rebecca Grant   12:51 OK, yeah.
 Adam Riley   12:57 And you know, we can gloss over some of the detail. They want to know the benefits, right? We do have to sell it to them. Um, but they know that their audit and risk have looked in the detail and they think it's acceptable. Um. So if the sequencing goes that way.
 Rebecca Grant   13:03 Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   13:14 That would be best. However, I am quite mindful that the Mayor, Thomas Prince, is on the Audit and Risk committee and this is the first time he's seeing the project and I would want to give a good first impression to Thomas.
 Rebecca Grant   13:25 And.
 Adam Riley   13:29 So he can see these are the benefits, you know, and and then obviously these are the risks that are behind it. And then when we give the presentation to his colleagues, the other counsellors, uh, hopefully he's got a bit of a foundational learning already and he's and he's perhaps halfway to buying the T-shirt.
 Rebecca Grant   13:32 Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   13:49 If you like, um, so it's, I guess it's a case of how do we tie, how do we have this presentation ready, which is focused at audit and risk committee and we have a presentation.
 Rebecca Grant   13:50 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   14:04 Like a module if you like, and it might be some of the decks we've used in the past that we can go over first. So we can just use that and then lead into this and focus on this with the ARC and then we kind of do it in reverse with the councillors like it's more around the benefit.
 Rebecca Grant   14:07 Hmm. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   14:24 And we can, we can touch on what they're making a decision about, which is signing a contract for a couple of $1,000,000 to work together and make sure they get the best possible value they can.
 Rebecca Grant   14:30 Yeah. Yeah. This is probably a stupid question, but when it goes through the audit and risk committee, do they, do they then come back to you with like a recommendation or like a do they then say, yeah, this is good to go, like go to the councillors and say, yeah, this is good to go or do they just? Like is there sort of an outcome from that or like a, you know, do they give like their tick of approval? Is that what is that what we're after?
 Matt Griffin   15:02 Um, yeah. Yeah, it's a they will give a recommend. They don't, they don't approve anything technically, but they give a recommendation and then it has to, yeah, then it goes to the council for approval. And so like anyone that's not like technically anyone that's not on the audit and risk committee can.
 Rebecca Grant   15:13 Commendation. So then they would go to the council. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   15:27 Well, they can ask audit and risk committee questions about why they've given this Um recommendation, but they could, they could reject the audit and risk recommendation. But I think like, I think the audit and risk committee is more like.
 Rebecca Grant   15:36 Yeah. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   15:47 Well, it really depends on our next meeting as to like what is the actual, how is that actually gonna work, right? Like is it, is it gonna be more of a work conversation to get to a recommendation or? Are we actually proposing, you know, something? So there are in like. Part the other thing, the the other action that the City of Greater Bendigo has is that they're gonna start drafting the contract or the interim contract or whatever you, I don't know, agreement to agree or whatever you want to call it. So the.
 Rebecca Grant   16:19 Mhm.
 Matt Griffin   16:28 This will this presentation will probably be in addition to whatever they gives to give them as well. So it's just it's just an opportunity for us to answer questions and to present present the information.
 Rebecca Grant   16:33 Give them. OK. Yeah. From your point of view, yeah, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   16:45 From our point of view, which will be, which will, you know, obviously we're not going to present something that they don't want to hear about, but like we'll obviously have to sense check it with Brian and Brian, but the.
 Rebecca Grant   16:58 Brian and Brian are like sounds like a TV show or something, doesn't it? Yeah, it is. And the names just add to it.
 Matt Griffin   17:01 Um, it's like utopia. That's what it is. But it's I think like.
 Adam Riley   17:10 Bye, bye.
 Matt Griffin   17:17 It it's our the The thing is it's our opportunity to get to people that are experts as opposed to dealing with Brian directly, like having rather than Brian having Brian having to communicate stuff that he doesn't understand.
 Rebecca Grant   17:26 Yeah. OK. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   17:32 It's we'll be able to communicate stuff to the experts cause they've got independent directors that are like from accounting firms and stuff like that who have experience in this sort of stuff.
 Rebecca Grant   17:36 Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. So it's kind of what you've always wanted. You just wanted to talk to someone other than Brian, right? And then, yeah, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   17:50 Yeah, no, it's it's exactly what we wanted to talk to people that actually know what they're talking about.
 Rebecca Grant   17:56 And then they can talk to Brandon.
 Adam Riley   17:57 At points back, at po, at points, at points back, we probably would have opted just to talk to a brick wall. That might have been a bit better. So I think this is a definite win and and it and it has, it has brought us back to a point that feels that we were at 8-8 months ago, but it it's gonna.
 Rebecca Grant   18:03 Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it. Yeah, yeah.
 Adam Riley   18:16 And set the right foundation to move forward. And Matt, have you explained it back basically what it is like as far as we we presented the termination framework to them on a formula, hence this needs to be interactive so they can see the different scenarios.
 Rebecca Grant   18:19 Yeah. Hmm.
 Adam Riley   18:35 But it's not that they're signing a contract and we have to hit a particular target that they're comfortable with for a quantum on the termination. They're gonna sign like a bridging contract, more or less, that says they are gonna pay as they go.
 Rebecca Grant   18:40 Hmm. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   18:52 And we're going to get this. Wider engagement done with the state government, federal government, surrounding councils. And you know, by spending this smaller amount of money up front, they're going to have a better long-term opportunity. So I think, yeah, selling the project is absolute key here.
 Rebecca Grant   19:00 Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm.
 Adam Riley   19:15 So they don't stay focused in in this number space.
 Rebecca Grant   19:19 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   19:21 Yeah. So what I was thinking is basically we'll pull this slide out of here and we'll put, we'll put it at the start, but we'll call it something else. Um, but we about, yeah, I'll pro, you know what, you know why this project or you know, whatever the something we'll put the project at the front as in terms of like this is.
 Rebecca Grant   19:27 Stop. Benefits it's. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   19:41 What we're trying to achieve, we might, we might leave this in. I don't know, we'll we'll, yeah, just move this slide to the front background and project overview sort of slide.
 Rebecca Grant   19:41 Yeah. Yeah, this is basically the benefits, right?
 Matt Griffin   19:54 Yeah, this is the benefits, yeah. Um. But. Yeah, it's kind of. OK.
 Rebecca Grant   20:06 I'm. I really like these things. Look, if they're, I expect I'll really like these, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   20:12 Well, it's for the.
 Rebecca Grant   20:15 Yeah, yeah. It's awesome for technical people, yeah. And.
 Matt Griffin   20:19 Which the audit and risk committee should be technical. Well, you know, somewhat technical. And this is, you know, we can talk about like.
 Rebecca Grant   20:21 Yeah, they would be.
 Matt Griffin   20:30 You know, we gotta work. I'm gonna work on this a bit more. But like you can look at the project in two ways. You can be very pessimistic, like, you know, this is what happens and it doesn't work. Or you can look at it as being transformational for the region. Like you get, you know, all these upsides. So these are the these are just AI generated ******** ones, but.
 Rebecca Grant   20:49 I was gonna say, did did you get these from AI? I'd probably make them a little more simpler just because they are technical people, not sort of, I would say sales and marketing people. They might not even, you know, sometimes technical people can just take things very literally and very.
 Matt Griffin   20:59 Yeah. Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   21:05 Like I reckon maybe we need to dumb it down, not dumb it down, but simplify it a little bit, the headings and stuff.
 Matt Griffin   21:09 But this one, I think, yeah, it'll be simplified to like, you know, this one is maybe, you know, probably nearly, nearly right, you know?
 Rebecca Grant   21:17 Fun. Yeah, I was gonna say that's fine. Um.
 Matt Griffin   21:23 But it's like, yeah, this investment magnet, what, you know, what does that actually mean? It's like more like regional, you know, regional growth or something like.
 Rebecca Grant   21:26 And. Yeah. Yeah, it might just be something like that. You know, I can't remember what our lines that we had are, but something about, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   21:33 Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   21:37 Economic benefits or something? I don't know some sort of terminology that they would use national templates.
 Matt Griffin   21:39 Yeah. Yeah, but it's like me. Have you done, have you ever done a red, red team, blue team exercise where they like the red team is they have to find all the faults and all the issues that could happen and the blue team's gotta find all the opportunities. That's the.
 Rebecca Grant   21:50 Right. Yeah, well, we've done it. We do it, but like in marketing, it's a different, it's the same thing, but it's like a SWOT analysis essentially. So yeah, someone, some like group might do the strengths, some the weaknesses, some the opportunities and some the threats. But it's the same, yeah, same thing. It's just more.
 Matt Griffin   22:05 Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   22:12 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   22:13 Just yeah, it's only a bit different. Yeah, so.
 Rebecca Grant   22:15 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   22:22 Yeah, I guess. Oh, oh. I think, I think the the, I would say it's probably like 80% there. We need, we need to put the front end on and then ti like some of this language needs to be tidied up like this, this is for example build the facility. That's not the outcome. It's like you know an operation operational.
 Rebecca Grant   22:29 Yeah.
    22:40 Uh.
 Matt Griffin   22:44 Facility. You know, it's a it's the the project's working, processing waste or whatever it is.
 Rebecca Grant   22:44 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, the yeah, the outcome.
 Matt Griffin   22:53 Yeah, come and then. Yeah, this is more technical sort of stuff. This slide will disappear. This, you know, there's some basic stuff where this has to kind of go across the whole page and be a little bit more, um. Aligned with like what the actual. Yeah, we need to talk to Brian and Ryan about, you know, what is this? What do we actually, what is the actual process? What are they doing? Um.
 Rebecca Grant   23:22 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   23:25 And then this has to be improved.
 Rebecca Grant   23:28 Yeah, that'll be easy though, cause. You're right, we've got the messaging there. It's all saying the same thing. It's just.
 Matt Griffin   23:32 Yeah. Yeah. So we then we just that we we basically just have to take take these messages and put a make sure it's consistent across that pack, right.
 Adam Riley   23:38 And the whole.
 Rebecca Grant   23:47 Yeah. Yeah, you just don't want to, um, you just don't want to lose them.
 Adam Riley   23:56 And the whole, the whole idea of this, this deck though, is to get them to see that if they fund the project development phase, we're gonna get a far better outcome together than either one of us would separately.
 Matt Griffin   23:59 Well, we'll start.
 Adam Riley   24:12 And so we just want them to tick off on that and we're off and racing.
 Rebecca Grant   24:17 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   24:19 But I I don't even know if we'll go through the whole deck, right? Like what I suspect will happen is we'll work through this with Ryan and Brian. And we'll send it out beforehand. We might talk to the first page of the project because they don't have the background, and then I suspect we'll probably just go to questions.
 Rebecca Grant   24:43 Hmm.
 Matt Griffin   24:44 Because like, if I was an ordinary risk committee, I would just read all the stuff ahead of time and I'd be asking like specific questions. Like they'll be like, yeah, well, that's that's what I suspect will happen, but we don't actually know what the format is.
 Rebecca Grant   24:58 Hmm.
 Adam Riley   25:02 And some of them, some of them will be expecting a full presentation, perhaps.
 Rebecca Grant   25:06 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   25:08 Yeah. And so maybe, maybe, yeah. But I like, I don't need to know like I don't think we'll go if we were to do a full presentation be like slide one that you know why we here slide one which is project benefits or project background or whatever then it's like um.
 Rebecca Grant   25:22 Mm.
 Matt Griffin   25:25 You know, an explanation of what we're proposing, which is you know, two decisions got this contract, you know it depends on like what we how far we get down that contract path as to what we actually talk about there.
 Rebecca Grant   25:32 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   25:42 And then we might even just stop. You know at this page.
 Rebecca Grant   25:50 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   25:50 And then and so.
 Rebecca Grant   25:51 Is it gonna be a face to face, do you think?
 Adam Riley   25:54 Yep.
 Matt Griffin   25:55 Uh, yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   25:55 Yeah, yeah, that'll be better. Cause sometimes with something like this, cause it's quite technical. If you do it online, you might lose them if they just go off and start playing with the graphs or something. Do you know what I mean? That face to face would be good.
 Adam Riley   26:05 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   26:06 Yeah, yeah.
 Adam Riley   26:08 Needs to be face to face for sure. And I think that presentation again, everything I make, everything I'm saying is an assumption. We need to meet back with Brian and his team to understand exactly what he wants. He might say, all right, you got 15 minutes, um, and we just want you to.
 Rebecca Grant   26:10 Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   26:25 Speak to why this is the best way forward so we can talk briefly on the history to give a little bit of credibility there that we haven't just knocked on their door. I'm assuming that they know this stuff, but hey, I don't want to assume anything. So you know, we've worked to this point. This has been the impasse that we've reached. The language we want, but explain why we're talking specifically to termination fees. Uh, this is what we've come up with and you know this is the process and open it up to questions. Um, I think it would be helpful, Beck, if you look through this site.
 Rebecca Grant   26:49 Mhm.
 Adam Riley   27:01 Around the language, the same as the review that you've just done on the general site. And then you can give that feedback to Matt. We can run the edits to it as far as the language goes and we can get this back over to Brian.
 Rebecca Grant   27:01 Yeah. Yeah, I'm happy to do that. Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   27:17 Because all of the other work will need his feedback before we obviously refine it. Um, the other work that we're wanting to do has to happen anyway, like the animation stuff, the website update, um, a full presentation deck that we can just.
 Rebecca Grant   27:26 Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   27:34 Trim to anybody, whether we're going out to finance partners or we're going to regional partners, we've got to keep tying all that together anyway. So we'll just pick and choose which bits of that we throw on the front of this.
 Rebecca Grant   27:40 Mhm. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   27:48 Yeah, cause like I think to be honest, I think we could send this to Brian today and that that would be my preference, right? Because really this deck is not.
 Rebecca Grant   27:48 Yeah. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   28:00 It it may go to that audit and risk committee, but this really this deck is for Brian more than anyone else. Because he he he knows. You know, no one else that he's he's got all the project background. He he was the one like he's been on the like, well, this is the problem. And we've talked about what the solution might be. So he kind of has an idea, but he still has questions like he doesn't. He doesn't fully understand it, and he wants a worst case than best case scenario. And rather than giving him two static numbers, what we're doing is saying.
 Adam Riley   28:33 Hey.
 Matt Griffin   28:45 Bye. He, you know, he's a draft pack. Some of the wording's not correct. Um.
 Rebecca Grant   28:50 Yeah, maybe it's just how you frame it to Brian. If you send it today, you could just say, I mean, I'm happy to work on the wedding today, Matt. I don't think it'll be hard to update, but maybe if you just say to Brian, rather than saying it's the draft pack, maybe just say this is the sort of numbers that we're keen to share or something like that.
 Matt Griffin   29:08 Yeah. Or you know, we're working through, yeah, we could just say we're working through the, we're working through the details of the Um of the, the, the presentation. Um, we need to catch up on the 6th to talk about what the format is and how long we'll have, et cetera, et cetera.
 Rebecca Grant   29:11 Yeah. Presentation or whatever. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   29:27 But if you then we could just point him to this slide, 'cause that's really all he wants to see is this slide.
 Rebecca Grant   29:33 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   29:34 At the end, which is like, oh, OK, if I, you know, if I change this, what happens? Or if I cause really what he's gonna do is go, um, like this.
 Rebecca Grant   29:43 Can you just send in that slide or is it too hard to pull out one?
 Matt Griffin   29:47 Uh, no, I can't just send in this. So I could do that. I could just say, um, here, you know, here's the.
 Rebecca Grant   29:55 The figures.
 Matt Griffin   29:57 Here's the figures. No, he he's he's the scenario. Here's the scenario. Um, here's the scenario model for you, Brian. So you can move stuff around. Could could do that.
 Adam Riley   30:00 But Matt.
 Matt Griffin   30:14 But the yeah, the problem. The problem is you'll do stuff like this like.
 Adam Riley   30:20 Yeah. It. Yeah. He'll get the biggest number he can. I think part of what Matt said earlier is very valid, is that this tool is as much for Brian as it is for the presentation. It's to just really cement in his mind that we've got levers we can pull on.
 Rebecca Grant   30:25 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   30:27 Mitch.
 Rebecca Grant   30:33 Yeah, yeah.
 Adam Riley   30:39 And you're not even committing to those right now. You're just committing to helping us go out and get some certainty in the market to make that scenario happen. So what do you got there? Twenty-two 1000 tonnes. Pull the pull the CapEx back to 30 million for a SEC, Matt.
 Rebecca Grant   30:40 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   30:58 I'll put 35 in there, is it?
 Rebecca Grant   31:00 So did this this like website, this AI tool just do this for you Matt? Did you just put in all the numbers in it?
 Adam Riley   31:00 You've got a hard stop at 35.
 Matt Griffin   31:08 Yeah, all the top. Yeah, yeah, I'm told. I'm told what to do.
 Rebecca Grant   31:10 It's cool. Yeah, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   31:15 But like, yeah, you know, you can do this or you can, you know, you can take that down. You can put put 10 million in and you can put this back in a reasonable number.
 Rebecca Grant   31:22 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   31:28 But that's still fair. That's it. That's the.
 Adam Riley   31:30 So. Yeah, I was gonna say government money, pull the government money back to zero. What's that doing in that scenario? I'm just thinking how he's gonna look at it. Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   31:37 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   31:43 But that's still less than. That's still less than the number that we gave him last time.
 Adam Riley   31:52 Yeah, it is absolutely. Pull the debt up a little bit. Pull the debt up to like 80. Yup, right. Costs there and.
 Rebecca Grant   32:05 No.
 Matt Griffin   32:05 Well, you could put 3 million in for the.
 Adam Riley   32:09 Yep. If they throw the 3 million in, Yep. So really, it's like justifying the worst case scenario.
 Rebecca Grant   32:18 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   32:18 I wouldn't mind getting that CapEx down to 30 mil if we can. So I think it's more than achievable on twenty-two 1000 tonnes, if that's not too much stuffing around for your mate Al.
 Matt Griffin   32:19 Oh yeah. Yeah, I can do that. I can. I can do that. That's fine. That's easy.
 Adam Riley   32:36 Yeah, that works.
 Matt Griffin   32:37 OK.
 Adam Riley   32:39 Uh, well, yeah. Do you wanna give that a quick scan, Beck, just so there's nothing there that we've missed that's gonna jump out as a word that Brian will hang off?
 Rebecca Grant   32:42 Yeah. Yeah, I I was just trying to remember the sort of language that Brian uses. Is he one of those kind of like tries to sound fancy kind of guys or pretty straightforward? He's quite straightforward, right?
 Matt Griffin   32:55 Yes.
 Adam Riley   33:01 He plays out like he plays out like he's dumb, and then he takes you down an absolute narrative that he wants to go down.
 Matt Griffin   33:02 It is very.
 Rebecca Grant   33:05 Yeah. Yeah, OK. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   33:11 Distract and deflect any. Um. Yeah, yeah, yeah, he's pretty. I think he's, well, he's pretty straightforward, but he's also um.
 Rebecca Grant   33:22 Smart.
 Matt Griffin   33:23 No, he's. I'll just say he's political. He's, he, he, he is. His major concern is making sure he doesn't look stupid. That's that's his major concern.
 Rebecca Grant   33:33 OK, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   33:36 Which like this is not gonna make him look stupid. We're just gonna send it to him and say. Um, yeah, work. Yeah, working through, working through some options. Um.
 Rebecca Grant   33:47 Yeah, yeah, I'll I can just, um, recommend some texts for this man. I can just do it. Is it easiest if I do it via like a Word doc or?
 Matt Griffin   33:57 We send an e-mail is fine, doesn't matter.
 Rebecca Grant   34:00 In an e-mail. Yeah, OK.
 Matt Griffin   34:01 Or even even even like you can be, you could just record it, right? You could just it doesn't what whatever's easiest 'cause all I all I'll do is take whatever you say and then put it back into AI and say, can you? Yeah, can you do this?
 Rebecca Grant   34:12 Put it in this OK. But don't let AI change it too much. Will it? Will it automatically change what I write?
 Matt Griffin   34:21 No, no, no. Uh. No, cause you can just say right verbatim. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   34:30 As is. Or just like edit it for grammar or that sort of thing. Yeah, OK, I never want to use the word clarity again, because if I see that written down one more time, like this year, it's like, have you noticed that AI just uses the word clarity like?
 Adam Riley   34:30 Exactly.
 Matt Griffin   34:46 Also, no, is it?
 Rebecca Grant   34:46 Non-stop and everything. So now, like every marketing e-mail I get is all about clarity. Like if it's about clothes, it's like, see the clarity in like your wardrobe. If it's about like food, it's got clarity. Like every single thing has clarity. And I'm like, it's all AI spits out right now. So there's a few words that I'm like, which aren't?
 Matt Griffin   34:52 Yes.
 Rebecca Grant   35:06 In here actually, but there's just some words that I'm like, no, never using it again.
 Adam Riley   35:13 In the bin done. There's no clarity in that.
 Rebecca Grant   35:15 Yeah, no clar. There's no clarity in this though. I think it's a ChatGPT word, not a net. What's this called? Net. Netlift. What's it called?
 Adam Riley   35:19 Yeah. Yeah, must be.
 Matt Griffin   35:27 Oh, this, uh, the the the AI that I use. This is it. Oh, it's a Google one. Anti-gravity. That's cool. Yeah, this is just the output from the AI. It's not the actual AI itself.
 Rebecca Grant   35:28 Yeah. Yeah. Oh, oh, OK. OK, well, I'll just put my thoughts in an e-mail and I'll just like, like do the heading of the slide.
 Matt Griffin   35:45 Yeah. Slide. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Adam Riley   35:51 All right. Well, it's a solid plan for that scanner. We can get that across to Brian, mate. What are your thoughts on this one, Bec?
 Matt Griffin   35:52 And then?
 Rebecca Grant   35:56 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   35:58 I'm just gonna. I'll just. I'll try this. I'll try this. So this is a.
 Rebecca Grant   35:59 Yeah, this is good. I'm still looking. I was still looking through it. It's pretty cool. I like it as a um like set out like this is an actual tool with the activity log and the decision register cause that's what we need like some sort of action plan I guess that we used to do just in a Word doc. So this is like this is good. I really like this one. Can we edit this as well? Yeah, yeah, cause I've I've logged in, but I haven't tried editing yet.
 Matt Griffin   36:28 Yeah, you should be able to. Yeah, just play around with it. So I'm just trying to create this action now, but it doesn't look like it. Maybe it's not working. Um.
 Rebecca Grant   36:35 Yeah. Lighting. Yeah, this is cool. Can you chat on this?
 Matt Griffin   36:47 Uh, as as in what chat through it or?
 Rebecca Grant   36:47 No, that's all right. Yeah, I was just like, if you need to send people messages as you're updating it, you know, like, um, like monday.com or something. No, doesn't matter.
 Matt Griffin   36:58 Oh, no, not yet. But we could, we could put that feature in there. It just all of it, yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   37:02 I mean, we probably don't need it. I was just wondering. It's just us. It's fun.
 Matt Griffin   37:07 No, but there's like, there's things that you can do. Like for example, there's there'd be a way to if we created a WhatsApp group, we could probably, um, have the WhatsApp group connected to this. So yeah, I don't know. Did this work? Uh, no, it didn't work.
 Rebecca Grant   37:09 Yeah. Yeah, connect it. That's cool. Do you want me to create the WhatsApp group?
 Matt Griffin   37:25 Yeah, you can do that. Given that you've got all the Kohl's specials, just call it Kohl's specials. Weekly Kohl specials. Um. So yeah, like, it's not adult.
 Rebecca Grant   37:27 I can. Yeah, I'll just call it weekly calls wrap up.
 Adam Riley   37:35 Next thing, next thing they'll be, they'll be mud cakes, uh, in our comms strategy. I'll confuse it.
 Rebecca Grant   37:38 Yeah. Yeah, yeah, project benefits.
 Matt Griffin   37:42 OK. Yeah, so it's not like, for example, some of it's not working, so this.
 Rebecca Grant   37:52 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   37:53 If I just add the action, it's not working. So anyway, I have to go back and fix it, but play around with it and then a similar. If you've got any feedback, just chuck it in an e-mail and I'll like so that that action doesn't work, so I have to go and sort that.
 Rebecca Grant   38:04 Um.
 Matt Griffin   38:09 This one might.
 Rebecca Grant   38:14 I do like it.
 Adam Riley   38:17 It's a good idea, isn't it? We're basically trying to make the comms strategy and plan interactive where it automatically updates.
 Rebecca Grant   38:18 And stakeholder thing.
 Matt Griffin   38:19 Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   38:22 Yes, and that's and that's exactly what we need, cause that's when it becomes like useful and practi practical cause.
 Matt Griffin   38:27 Yeah, it's a lot. This one, this one works, but the other ones not so much. So anyway.
 Rebecca Grant   38:34 And I've used different tools, but they have been like even as you guys know this, like even like a year or two years ago, everything was so much worse, like it's come so far.
 Adam Riley   38:45 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   38:46 Yeah. Like this? Yeah. So for example, this is the like you can add a stakeholder here, so new.
 Rebecca Grant   38:55 Yeah, this and this is what we need, man. Like this is, you know, cause obviously you guys have those Excel spreadsheets and I've always, can you actually, can you input stuff from like an Excel sheet and get it put in here or not?
 Matt Griffin   38:59 Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you just it. Yeah. So if you've got, well, yeah, I can do that. But we can also, we can add that functionality if we wanna upload Excel spreadsheets. So there's a couple like. So obviously some of these things are not working, but.
 Rebecca Grant   39:09 You can. Yeah. Hmm. Mm 'cause this is really good, 'cause then if you wanna at any point, if you need to like pull together a stakeholder consultation report or something, you literally just go to this and with it, you know, so quickly you can pull it all together.
 Matt Griffin   39:23 Oh, I'm gonna. Yeah, well, you that's exactly like. So if you like, if you want, well, I don't even know what a stakeholder consultation is, but but.
 Rebecca Grant   39:39 Yeah. Consultation report. Well, it's basically like if you need to prove to someone, whether it's government or whoever, that you've consulted with stakeholders or or they're like who have you talked to and when you just like pull a bit of report together, which is like, you know, you need it for planning approvals and that kind of thing.
 Matt Griffin   39:55 Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   40:00 This will be so easy, but the better. So a stakeholder consultation report could take like a month. If you've got no information, you have to go hunting it down. Or if you have something like this, you could write it up in a day. Do you know what I mean? Like it's just.
 Adam Riley   40:01 Yeah, we did it for the API.
 Rebecca Grant   40:15 The better reckons you keep now and quicker it is.
 Matt Griffin   40:16 Well, you'd write or you you'd write it up in 5 minutes cause you would just hit a button and you'd get AOR to give you the first draft.
 Rebecca Grant   40:24 Yeah, but you need to write the like the about section and like, yeah, tailor it. I I still think you need to check that, but.
 Matt Griffin   40:33 Well, yeah, yeah, you definitely have to check it. But I'm like, I'm just you just tell me what you want, Beck. You tell me what button you want and what information you want in there and it and.
 Rebecca Grant   40:39 And you can do it. You're right. It's really just an edit these days.
 Matt Griffin   40:45 Yeah, yeah, it's an edit.
 Adam Riley   40:46 You know what would you know what would be a great feature especially around this one around our comms strategy would be that in the background Matt as far as every time you put in a stakeholder and then we we update this in a meeting and say hey we met with such and such from state government.
 Rebecca Grant   40:52 Hmm. Mm.
 Adam Riley   41:06 Federal government, local council group, sustainability, whatever it knows, you know how, you know how you can talk about stakeholders like the the onion rings back, you know what I mean? Like there's the core ones that need to know and then there's the the outside, outside, outside. Wouldn't it be great if you know you have one meeting with one stakeholder?
 Rebecca Grant   41:16 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   41:17 8. Yes.
 Rebecca Grant   41:18 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   41:25 And the program knows that you should then inform the ones that are connected that are the next layer out, so you're not missing anything.
 Rebecca Grant   41:31 Yeah, yeah, yeah, it would be awesome.
 Matt Griffin   41:33 Wait.
 Adam Riley   41:33 It it it's able to do that.
 Matt Griffin   41:35 Oh yeah, so it should like it. Well, it doesn't yet, but it should be able to. So for example, I I should be able to add a stakeholder here to the stakeholder Ledger and and and it's not doing that, but also in the activity log.
 Rebecca Grant   41:37 Really. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   41:52 If we have a meeting with the city of, you know what happened, you know we agree with. We still have Greater Bendigo to jointly approach, um, their government. We should be able to, you know, put that in there and then, yeah, there's some tags here. I don't know how they work. So we just log that entry, it goes in there and then um.
 Rebecca Grant   42:18 Oh, that's cool.
 Matt Griffin   42:25 Ideally that if there's a decision made, if it it picks up, there's a decision, there's some sort of decision log there, and then if there's an action, it also adds it to the action log. These decision registry and action log aren't working, but.
 Rebecca Grant   42:35 Yeah, that's cool.
 Matt Griffin   42:40 If you like for example um. You know Intel, we get some information. All this information should be able to be compiled into whatever report you need. Um, or you know, say if you for a planning approval you that there's a section that say or add a section on reports. I hit a button that says. You know, summarize the activity log per stakeholder. Um, you know what the outcomes were, etcetera. It will. It should be able to just compile all that information into a simple report. But like, yeah, it's like what? It's really whatever logic you need, like what's the workflow that you need. To to like to actively manage your um communications and engagement. Like are there are there specific things?
 Rebecca Grant   43:30 Mhm.
 Matt Griffin   43:35 Um. Yeah, to to do that, you know, or that happened on a regular basis or is it a?
 Rebecca Grant   43:40 Well. The most important things is what you've just gone through, like about that stakeholder, like meeting logs and these actions, decisions.
 Matt Griffin   43:52 Yeah, OK.
 Rebecca Grant   43:53 And if we all keep like that action alignment will be really good. If you can go through that all the time and just make sure we're all on top of what what's expected and by when. Oh my God, I think my boys are killing each other right now. Like they're like, they're either like best friends or.
 Matt Griffin   44:02 Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   44:10 Can you hear that? Oh, massively funny. Anyway, I'll ignore it. Um, yeah, that action alignment will be really good and stakeholder everything. I can't think of anything else. You've got the messages in there in the strategy spine, don't you?
 Matt Griffin   44:11 Yeah, no, I can't. Can't hear. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   44:25 Yep.
 Rebecca Grant   44:25 Cause they might change as we go as well, like we.
 Matt Griffin   44:27 Yeah, but but you can you can you can edit these.
 Rebecca Grant   44:31 You just update it. Yeah. See, this is cool. Yeah, this is good.
 Matt Griffin   44:32 Yeah, you can. Um, I don't know if this works. Actually I'll just test this if I delete this.
 Rebecca Grant   44:39 I mean, see, you ideally wouldn't change like the strategy spine, like that's something you'd probably want to keep there. But like I do think, yeah, the messaging and stuff, it might change as we evolve. For example, you talk to stakeholders, you get kind of more understanding and of their interests.
 Matt Griffin   44:56 Yeah, OK, so that.
 Adam Riley   44:57 Yeah, it needs to be fully. It needs to be fully interactive though, so we can as we progress, messages change.
 Rebecca Grant   45:00 Yeah. Hmm.
 Matt Griffin   45:04 But what are like you've got obviously when you click on a stakeholder, what other information would you need here? Like it would be good to have I suppose current actions or current um outstanding or or or next meeting or next next engagement or something like that.
 Rebecca Grant   45:14 Yeah, I'm trying to think of what I, um, what I put in my stakeholder docs. Yeah, um. I'm just gonna have a look at another stakeholder. So I I do these stakeholder logs. The thing is, you don't want it too complicated or you won't do it. But it is basically, yeah, what was the outcome? Yeah, what's the next step, next engagement required, that sort of thing. Um, level of interest, level of influence over the project, that kind of thing. I'll have a look at that and see.
 Matt Griffin   45:44 Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   45:46 If there's anything else we normally track and. Something else. But I think you this really hits the nail on the head with making it really practical and simple. Like it's quite simplified and it's not too much information, but it's everything that you need. Um, cause it's not. Yeah, this isn't gonna be onerous to update. This is really good and clear.
 Matt Griffin   46:02 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   46:08 So just on that.
 Matt Griffin   46:08 'Cause we get.
 Rebecca Grant   46:11 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   46:11 So with so City of Greater Bendigo, I've just clicked in as well where it brings up the information you were just saying Matt, what else does it need? And we're saying, yeah, perhaps the next action or the next meeting or whatever it may be just to supplement that if we could pull up all of the history of that tab.
 Rebecca Grant   46:23 Hmm.
 Adam Riley   46:29 Because that would be your stakeholder engagement report for that stakeholder right there. Like it would show every meeting you had, every action that came out.
 Rebecca Grant   46:31 Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   46:39 Yeah, the history, the history of the stakeholder would be good, wouldn't it?
 Rebecca Grant   46:39 Mm. Yeah, that would be awesome 'cause then before you go into a conversation with them, you can quickly check that.
 Adam Riley   46:44 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   46:45 Widget.
 Adam Riley   46:49 Hmm.
 Matt Griffin   46:50 Yeah, which we should be able to like, well, obviously we're gonna start the history from 20 Twenty-six cause I don't think, well, unless we we could back populate it, but that will take some time. But ideally this activity log, if we keep this up to date, we should be able to.
 Rebecca Grant   46:57 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   47:05 Should be able to bring the actions, the decision register and activity log into into some sort of view on this page when you click on each stakeholder and see like what's relevant to them, what's happened.
 Rebecca Grant   47:15 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   47:15 Yep.
 Rebecca Grant   47:18 What about contact details, Matt? Would you put there like e-mail and phone or like the actual person? So City of Greater Bendigo, you might put Brian, his phone and e-mail and then whoever else like D drill down to the people.
 Matt Griffin   47:21 It. Yeah, yeah, we can put. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we could do that. Yeah. Yeah. Do you ha usually have like a hierarchy in your in your, um stakeholders like, so like obviously you could have the whole, you know, you've got the man, then you've got the CEO, then you've got Brian and you've got, you know, Ryan, then you've got Sam.
 Rebecca Grant   47:40 yes Yeah, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   47:49 The different different positions and then you would you map them to different people in the organization as well? Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   47:49 Yeah, we would do that. Yeah. Yeah, so people might own a stakeholder as such. So it's like, Matt, you might own Brian, Adam, you might own like the CEO or something like. So they're talking consistently with the same person and if you know you're away.
 Adam Riley   48:00 Yep.
 Matt Griffin   48:00 Yes. Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   48:11 Adam and Matt needs to talk to CEO. He can look at this and see exactly what happened. And like, you'd probably know this in your situation anyway, but know exactly what you discussed and the outcome and that sort of thing. But yeah, we do generally assign owners to stakeholders.
 Matt Griffin   48:21 Yeah, for larger or or.
 Adam Riley   48:22 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   48:24 Yeah, I guess it's harder in larger organisations to know who's spoken to who. Where is it? Obviously, yeah, yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   48:28 Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know here it's more straightforward.
 Matt Griffin   48:33 Um, yeah, we could also put.
 Adam Riley   48:36 That'd be. That'd be a great starting point though.
 Rebecca Grant   48:38 Yeah, I I'm gonna. I'll go back and pull up. So I've done a lot of stakeholder tracking tools. I'm gonna see if I can find one that I've done that worked well.
 Matt Griffin   48:38 Yeah, yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   48:49 Um, and see if that has anything else.
 Matt Griffin   48:50 Yep, yeah. And the the best way, like the best way if you want to just um, you can talk to JPT or whatever. You don't have to type it out, but you can just say I've used all these um tracking tools in the past and here are the best features that I use regularly.
 Rebecca Grant   49:01 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   49:10 or need to be in the tool for it to be effective. And if you just list them, then I can then take that and put it into... I'll show you how it works, just so that you know. How do I?
 Rebecca Grant   49:13 Yeah. Yeah. This. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   49:26 But it's like I was talking to Adam earlier. It's just insane how.
 Rebecca Grant   49:30 It's such a time saver. I just think back to like I had someone in my team full time for like ages, like logging engagement and stuff like that in an Excel spreadsheet. Like it's just crazy how this has all changed.
 Adam Riley   49:41 Hmm.
 Rebecca Grant   49:48 And got so much better.
 Matt Griffin   49:49 So yeah, so this is this is the Um. This is the platform, which is just a Google one. Yeah, yeah, and this is it. This is the this is what this is what makes websites, right? So um, so for example, I'll see if this works.
 Rebecca Grant   49:55 So it's called Antigrav. Is it? Is it called Antigravity? Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   50:10 I can just go. Um. New folder. Yes. App and I'm gonna create. And then open. And so like if we pick, we can pick something like once it loads, pick something like super simple. Um uh um. Develop a simple personal web page. That is cool and interactive.
 Rebecca Grant   50:59 Cool.
 Matt Griffin   50:59 Right. Yeah. So, well, yeah.
 Adam Riley   51:00 You are such a prompt engineer.
 Matt Griffin   51:03 Yeah, my prompts are more. Yeah, show me, um, a preview.
 Rebecca Grant   51:09 Yeah. Does it take long?
 Matt Griffin   51:11 You do this, obviously. Well, it depends on the connection. Like, I don't know what time it is in America, but this, it just goes through all this. Um.
 Rebecca Grant   51:18 OK. To 10 days.
 Matt Griffin   51:24 It does all this stuff. Like gives a. Gives a list like it plans out the process. So obviously the prompts I gave it for the Um for the strategy were a bit more complicated. Like I said, based on the communication and engagement strategy, you know, and I'll give it all the information and I'll tell it to. Yeah, what what sort of tool, how the tool's gonna be used like Um for the the Um communication one. I just said it'll probably be used in meetings form where we sit around, we look at it, we go through the stakeholders, we have to update information, et cetera and it. So it does it. I'll target sign on my front door. I'll be back in a SEC.
 Rebecca Grant   52:12 Mhm.
 Adam Riley   52:12 Yeah, man. Um.
 Rebecca Grant   52:14 It's cool.
 Adam Riley   52:16 Beck, how did we get on with the edits to the actual AET website? Did you end up doing a review?
 Rebecca Grant   52:23 So I've done a review um and I have some ideas, but I was gonna see what platform um.
 Adam Riley   52:30 Aaron's using.
 Rebecca Grant   52:31 Aaron's using, um, cause I've got some ideas for some other things we can do, but it just depends on like the functionality of the platform. So um, how old is it? That sort of thing? Like how much can we play around with it? Is it kind of a bit locked in?
 Adam Riley   52:33 Yep. Yep.
 Rebecca Grant   52:50 At this stage, or can you be? Or is it more flexible? Does that make sense? But it won't take long.
 Adam Riley   52:53 Yep, sure that makes sense. That's OK. So I had a conversation with Aaron, uh, two days ago. Um, and he's on board. All good. Happy to do work. Told him we need some presentation stuff pulled together. Um, I can flick his details to you. I'll just do an introduction on e-mail.
 Rebecca Grant   53:02 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
 Adam Riley   53:17 And feel free to reach out to Aaron and you can work out what's best for you if you want to do the edits. If you work with him, doesn't worry us. Um, so that'll take care of that. He has sent me the first draft of the animation video, which is basically just trying to.
 Rebecca Grant   53:22 Cool. Yeah. Mhm.
 Adam Riley   53:35 Animate the display boards.
 Rebecca Grant   53:35 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   53:38 Looking at some of this stuff that Matt's doing with AI, to be honest, I'm probably a bit self-conscious. It's a bit ****, but well, it's starting to get there. Um, and he has left. He's left a fair bit at the back end of it.
 Rebecca Grant   53:47 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   53:55 Because it's where we're going to show robotics and some other things, the information needs to be presented in a different order. Some of the AI voiceover stuff definitely needs fine tuning, things like that. So don't critique it too hard, but.
 Rebecca Grant   53:56 Yeah. Yeah. OK.
 Adam Riley   54:11 Keen to get your feedback and I think we'll we probably need to just have some meetings around that in general and I think we need to do a wireframe for it. I think we need to start at the start with what information we want them to know and and work through it. So ideas around that would be appreciated.
 Rebecca Grant   54:17 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Boom. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   54:30 I'll forward that through to you. It's on a WeTransfer file. I'll flick that through. I'll flick through. I'll do the introduction with Aaron. And you guys are gonna send us a bill. You need, you need Linda. You need Linda in charge of accounts.
 Rebecca Grant   54:33 Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, it's our bloody bank account. Yeah, yeah, we are going to, but our bank is like the bank has just been, um, stuffing us around basically cause Linda's overseas. But they we tried to get everything done before she left, but they just keep deciding every day they need a new verification of like.
 Adam Riley   55:02 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   55:03 These ridiculous things like we verified with one team and then they're like now this team needs it and now this team does, but they can't talk to each other. So she's like on the slopes trying to fill out like it's Combank, but they give her these like old school like PDF forms to like fill out and fill in.
 Adam Riley   55:21 Yeah, it's a bank.
 Rebecca Grant   55:21 Poor thing. I'm like, uh, so anyway, once we get that filled out, um, and I'm hoping it gets done, but if it has to wait until she gets back, so be it. But yeah, and then we'll send it.
 Matt Griffin   55:29 So.
 Adam Riley   55:31 Yeah, whatever. Yeah. Main point. Main point in bringing up the point is feel free to send it whenever you want. That's that's fine.
 Rebecca Grant   55:37 Yeah, awesome. Thank you.
 Adam Riley   55:39 No problems at all. Um, all right, well, I'll do that e-mail and yeah, have a squeeze at how the animation's sort of forming. Like it's probably it's very early days, very first draft.
 Rebecca Grant   55:51 Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   55:55 Um. And feel free to reach out with suggestions. We wireframe the thing, do whatever, because my my bigger view, and then I'll leave you guys. I've got some screaming kids as well. Um, my bigger view with it is I would love to be able to.
 Rebecca Grant   55:59 Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   56:15 Send this out to somebody who's never heard of our project and they get an understanding of how we see the world, like what the problems are. Then they see the the problem that's more regional to their area.
 Rebecca Grant   56:20 Mm. Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   56:29 OK.
 Rebecca Grant   56:31 Mm.
 Adam Riley   56:31 Then they see our solution and yes, it's lengthy. Like it might, this might get broken up into 4-4 minute videos and if somebody watched the whole thing strung together, whatever. But once they've watched that and then we've got a tool like what Matt's working on, which is an AI interactive.
 Rebecca Grant   56:33 Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   56:51 Presentation really you send this out to front load the the councillors and then the executives can work with this tool to understand where they fit in the project and what the risks are and it's automating everything. Our engagement process, it's it's it's automating and getting people to to.
 Rebecca Grant   57:00 Mm.
 Adam Riley   57:10 Into our project in a really efficient manner, but I think the animation might get what I'm getting to is I think the animation might get replaced by something that's more realistic.
 Rebecca Grant   57:13 Yeah. OK, yeah.
 Adam Riley   57:22 So we can kind of build it with crayons at the start and we might use it for a little bit.
 Rebecca Grant   57:26 Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   57:28 But I would like to see that there's some sort of voice over at the start, which is like a, you know, welcome to the introduction of the the ARC facility or whatever it may be and it's more realistic A I generated with nice imagery.
 Rebecca Grant   57:37 Mhm.
 Adam Riley   57:44 Photography and things like that. Um, try and bring it right up to a spec. But then I'd be happy to open the budget right up on this video because I think this will engage people. You don't have their attention for long. Um, and I would want this at a level that.
 Rebecca Grant   57:46 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, true, yeah.
 Adam Riley   58:01 If you sent this to a councillor, we wouldn't need to stand in front of them. They would have already bought the T-shirt.
 Rebecca Grant   58:03 Yeah. Yeah. I think that's why you. Do you wanna be on the video? You still? How do you feel about that? Yeah, I feel like if if you wanna get to that level, you've gotta like do that sort of really personal, really personal aspect.
 Matt Griffin   58:14 I have an I an IO avatar.
 Adam Riley   58:20 On. No, I'm for it. Yeah, sure. I mean, I'm, I'm.
 Rebecca Grant   58:24 You are for it. Yeah. I mean, that's how I see that working. Like this, like you said, there's different top, like, you know, you can do different sort of parts of it, but I reckon that would really kind of.
 Matt Griffin   58:25 Good. Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   58:36 If you add that personal element, I reckon that would really sell it.
 Adam Riley   58:42 I think so. I think it's a I think it's a blend. And again, we're starting with we're we're starting with crayons by doing an animation. But where I would like to get this to would be like some of the best content out there at the moment is.
 Rebecca Grant   58:45 Yeah, yes. Yeah. I agree. Blend. Yes. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   58:59 Real content with AI blended into it and people go, ****, was that real? I don't know because you can't tell because it's actually a human there talking and then there's some sort of AI thing that happens. And I think I would love to try and get, you know, get a videographer. We get something to the point where.
 Rebecca Grant   59:01 Yeah, yeah, that's what I want. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um.
 Adam Riley   59:18 We kind of introduced the project and then the wireframes we would treat with a little bit of real movement, real people, and then using A I to put up images to help describe what we're describing, the circular economy, the carbon cycle.
 Rebecca Grant   59:20 Yeah. Mhm, yeah.
 Adam Riley   59:37 How the arc works and then the grand picture on the end of it around how this is upstream infrastructure for that downstream circular economy, you know, so that would tie up really well.
 Rebecca Grant   59:48 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   59:49 You could.
 Rebecca Grant   59:51 Oh, it'd be so good. Like, yeah.
 Matt Griffin   59:52 You could you you could you could do um you could literally do um us in a paddock at the start and then have the AOI generate the building and then you could and then you could go you you.
 Rebecca Grant   1:00:01 Yeah. That's what I meant. Like this project is like, awesome for that.
 Matt Griffin   1:00:11 You could go to, you could go to the next location and then have it developed the downstream manufacturing plant. You could, you could go, you could go to a roadside and have it use the product that you've recovered and put it actually into the.
 Rebecca Grant   1:00:14 Yeah. Yeah, it's like. Yeah. Yeah. And then the future state.
 Matt Griffin   1:00:35 And in the future state, which is generated by, you know, either animators or, you know, game makers or AO.
 Rebecca Grant   1:00:38 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause you hook people in with that human element. I think that's how you're gonna hook them in, like with that real human element. And then, yeah, you you excite them, I guess, with the A I and the future state and that sort of thing.
 Matt Griffin   1:00:45 Anyway, can you?
 Rebecca Grant   1:00:58 It could work really well.
 Adam Riley   1:01:00 I think it would be an amazing engagement tool and I think if you know nobody likes it better, there is no better scenario than if you come into the room and they've already bought the bloody ticket, right? Like so you can front load with this information.
 Rebecca Grant   1:01:02 Yeah, I agree. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:01:15 And it's again going back to that model. We briefly talked about this late last year, but AET has predominantly been 80% into the detail, technical termination fee calculation, structuring, blah blah blah, 20%, not even, you know, to be honest, probably 5% marketing.
 Rebecca Grant   1:01:24 Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:01:33 And when we flip that metric and we can get it to like 80% marketing and we know the rest of it falls into place, I think we bring people with us and that's what we're trying to do. So let's start with the crayons on an animation and we'll giggle about it in a couple of years and say, gee, that was ****, can't believe we started there.
 Rebecca Grant   1:01:40 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:01:51 Or I could, yeah, or you just got to start. Or I could show you PowerPoint presentations I did six years ago, which are absolutely horrendous. But I think if we could engage somebody that can do video and can do the level of what we're talking about.
 Rebecca Grant   1:01:52 You just gotta start, right? Like, yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:02:07 I I agree, Matt. That's you can tell Matt started to spend time with AI's. He's thinking about it now, thinking like it. It's you could be in a paddock, but you could even start the clip at a landfill, right? Like you could start the clip just walking and talking.
 Rebecca Grant   1:02:07 Yeah. yen. Yeah, anyway.
 Matt Griffin   1:02:18 Yeah. Well, you could start, you could start at Pyramid Hill, right? There's a landfill there. There's the R&D facility. There's everything. Well, wherever.
 Adam Riley   1:02:26 Yeah, Yep. And so you just cut, cut yourself as part of the conversation talking about the problem. Just cut yourself into a landfill, like a massive landfill background. And then I love that idea, Matt, and we'll just continue to tell the story.
 Rebecca Grant   1:02:39 Mhm.
 Adam Riley   1:02:41 And it goes everything from the carbon cycle stuff to the circular economy to us standing in a paddock to the facility being built in the background, literally, then to the downstream and then roadside showing products going into pavement and products going into agriculture.
 Matt Griffin   1:03:01 Could be cool.
 Adam Riley   1:03:01 Like, yeah. I wouldn't just buy a t-shirt. I'll buy a subscription. Let's go. Let's do that. All right. I'm gonna have to leave you guys. I'll um.
 Matt Griffin   1:03:07 Yeah.
 Rebecca Grant   1:03:07 Yeah, yes.
 Matt Griffin   1:03:09 OK.
 Rebecca Grant   1:03:10 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   1:03:10 Do you see? Do you see the website there? Can you see it?
 Adam Riley   1:03:13 Yeah, it's Alex. I've been checking it out. I like Alex.
 Rebecca Grant   1:03:13 So is this? This is cool. I build experiences.
 Matt Griffin   1:03:17 That that that so that that's based on that prompt and 5 minutes of whatever less than 5 minutes of work. This is what it's it's done this around so like.
 Rebecca Grant   1:03:25 It's done this. This is awesome. I know.
 Matt Griffin   1:03:30 Yeah, it's it's harder like to get something.
 Rebecca Grant   1:03:33 I like their logo that it's done. The little Alex logo. That's cool.
 Matt Griffin   1:03:35 Yeah, it's sometimes it's harder to get the actual content in there. Like then, you know, to get this basic, that's fine. And since when you get to the next step, like our our the graphics on our internal strategy page aren't great. I'm like up the up the uh. Up the UI experience.
 Rebecca Grant   1:03:59 Yeah, this is awesome. There's so much we can do.
 Matt Griffin   1:04:04 Hello.
 Rebecca Grant   1:04:04 Awesome. Thank you, guys. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:04:04 And then just quickly the the other thing though like continue to um like the Sky's the limit Beck as far as the the AET strategy website that we're we're building here. You guys are absolute experts in the area and we're just trying to streamline it so that simple is good because we use we use simple.
 Rebecca Grant   1:04:11 Hmm. Hmm. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:04:24 And so I would love to get this to a point where the AI agent, it's going to record our conversation we just have have just had. Do you know what I mean? That's where we're aiming to go and it will automatically update. It'll flick out what your actions are. It'll record the stakeholder history.
 Rebecca Grant   1:04:24 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:04:43 It'll do all of these things, and it's no different to. I mean, this is probably really big thinking, but what did zero do with accounting, right?
 Rebecca Grant   1:04:45 Yeah.
 Matt Griffin   1:04:52 Search.
 Rebecca Grant   1:04:53 Yeah.
 Adam Riley   1:04:54 That's all it is. It's just that they had a **** load of rogrammers back when they built that and now we've got access to tools like AI to do iterations in seconds if we can work this U over the next 12 months.
 Rebecca Grant   1:05:04 It's amazing.
 Adam Riley   1:05:07 White box it and use it in your rojects.
 Matt Griffin   1:05:09 Yeah, you can, you can take, you can take it and just take the infrastructure underneath it and then use it with whoever you want.
 Rebecca Grant   1:05:09 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that would be awesome. Um, there's so much.
 Adam Riley   1:05:20 That would work. All right, I gotta run. Pretty sure one stroking one. I will chat to you guys shortly.
 Matt Griffin   1:05:26 But is that? Cheers. Bye.
 Matt Griffin stopped transcription
